
You will implement a minimal aircraft simulation program based on a given UML class diagram. Unified Modeling Language is used in software engineering to visualize the design of an application. It gives programmers a standardized way of thinking about object-oriented software before writing any line of code.

Objectives
Frankfurt Airport recently discovered that, due to frequent weather changes, it faces bottlenecks on some landing runways. To find a solution, it first needs to know which scenarios create the worst bottlenecks. The team decided to use a simulator to configure and analyze multiple scenarios, hoping this will highlight the root cause.
So they reached out to their top local software company and assigned this task. Here, the chief designer works on the concept and, after analyzing all the facets of the software, makes design decisions that he then passes on to you so you can build the simulator.
Since the software will run on multiple operating systems in a very strict enterprise environment, he decides to use a classic object-oriented language: Java.
He will provide you with:
• the UML class diagram
• the required object-oriented design patterns
What you need to know to be part of the team that develops the simulator:
• Interpreting class diagrams - this is how the architect communicates with you
• Observer, Singleton, and Factory design patterns - he knows this will not be the final version of the simulator and plans to extend it to address other needs the airport may have
• The basic syntax of Java and some of the core features of the language - this is obvious, since this is the language agreed upon
Object Oriented Design and design patterns are topics that each cover thousands of pages, so feel free to explore this domain and you will discover a new way of thinking about software engineering. And who knows? Maybe you will take that architect’s role one day.
Only a good implementation will be accepted, since this is the top software company in the city. For this to happen, it must have a clean design, be easy for your peers to read and understand, and be easy to change if the requirements are modified.
Think about the "gang of four".

General instructions
• You are allowed to use language features up to the latest Java LTS version.
• You are not allowed to use any external libraries, build tools, or code generators.
• Do not use the default package.
• Create your own relevant packages following the Java package naming conventions.
• Java is compiled into an intermediate language, which will generate some .class files. Do not commit them to your repository!
• Make sure you have javac and java available as commands in your terminal.
• Compile the project by running the commands below in the root of your project folder.

Example:
$java ro.academyplus.avaj.simulator.Simulator scenario.txt
$cat -e simulation.txt
Tower says: Balloon#B1(1) registered to weather tower.
Tower says: JetPlane#J1(2) registered to weather tower.
Tower says: Helicopter#H1(3) registered to weather tower.
Tower says: Helicopter#H4(4) registered to weather tower.
Balloon#B1(1): Let's enjoy the good weather and take some pics.
JetPlane#J1(2): It's raining. Better watch out for lightings.
Helicopter#H1(3): This is hot.
Helicopter#H4(4): My rotor is going to freeze!
Balloon#B1(1): Damn you rain! You messed up my balloon.
JetPlane#J1(2): OMG! Winter is coming!
Helicopter#H1(3): This is hot.
Helicopter#H4(4): My rotor is going to freeze!
Balloon#B1(1): It's snowing. We're gonna crash.
JetPlane#J1(2): It's raining. Better watch out for lightings.
Helicopter#H1(3): This is hot.
Helicopter#H4(4): My rotor is going to freeze!
Balloon#B1(1): Damn you rain! You messed up my balloon.
Balloon#B1(1) landing.
Tower says: Balloon#B1(1) unregistered from weather tower.
JetPlane#J1(2): OMG! Winter is coming!
Helicopter#H1(3): This is hot.
Helicopter#H4(4): My rotor is going to freeze


IV.2 Scenario file
The first line of the file contains a positive integer. This number represents how many times the simulation runs. 
In our case, this will be the number of times a weather change is triggered.
Each subsequent line describes an aircraft that will be part of the simulation, using this format: TYPE NAME LONGITUDE LATITUDE HEIGHT.

IV.3 Weather generation
There are four types of weather:
• RAIN
• FOG
• SUN
• SNOW
Each 3-dimensional point has its own weather. Feel free to use whatever generation
algorithm you want, as long as it takes the point’s coordinates into account.

IV.4 Aircraft
• JetPlane:
◦ SUN - Latitude increases by 10, Height increases by 2
◦ RAIN - Latitude increases by 5
◦ FOG - Latitude increases by 1
◦ SNOW - Height decreases by 7
• Helicopter:
◦ SUN - Longitude increases by 10, Height increases by 2
◦ RAIN - Longitude increases by 5
◦ FOG - Longitude increases by 1
◦ SNOW - Height decreases by 12
• Balloon:
◦ SUN - Longitude increases by 2, Height increases by 4
◦ RAIN - Height decreases by 5
◦ FOG - Height decreases by 3
◦ SNOW - Height decreases by 15


IV.5 Simulation
• Coordinates are positive numbers.
• Height is in the 0-100 range.
• If an aircraft exceeds the upper height limit, it remains at 100.
• Each time an aircraft is created, it receives a unique ID. There cannot be two aircraft with the same ID.
• If an aircraft reaches height 0 or would go below it, the aircraft lands, unregisters from the weather tower, and logs a message.
• When a weather change occurs, each aircraft type needs to log a message, as seen in the example. 
The message format is: TYPE#NAME(UNIQUE_ID): SPECIFIC_MESSAGE.
A funny message is appreciated during evaluation.
• Each time an aircraft registers with or unregisters from the weather tower, a message will be logged.

IV.6 Validation
The input file needs to be validated. Any abnormal behaviour due to invalid input data
is not acceptable. If the input data is invalid, the program must stop execution. Any
error messages will be printed to standard output.